Add remaining prod regions to Neon Private Access documentation. (#2454)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/neon-private-access.md

## Prerequisites

> - Ensure that your **client application is deployed on AWS** in the same region as the Neon database you plan to connect to. As of now all Neon production regions in AWS are supported. Your private access client application and Neon database must reside in one of these regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that your **client application is deployed on AWS** in the same region as the Neon database you plan to connect to. The Private Access feature is available in all [Neon-supported AWS regions](/docs/introduction/regions#aws-regions). Your private access client application and Neon database must reside in one of these regions.
```
